[NO-TICKET] Document that SSI cannot be used to setup Ruby Profiling (#32316)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/enabling/ruby.md

- The `pkgconf-pkg-config` package is available for [Fedora][23]- and [Red-Hat][24]-based Linux

Continuous Profiler is not supported on serverless platforms, such as AWS Lambda.

> [Single Step APM Instrumentation][25] currently cannot be used to set up the Ruby Profiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuous Profiler is not supported on serverless platforms, such as AWS Lambda. Additionally, [Single Step APM Instrumentation][25] cannot be used to set up the Ruby Profiler.
```
